# Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting #97 Notes
### Meeting Date/Time: 2022-Nov-9-12:00-UTC
### Meeting Duration: 34 minutes
### [Audio/Video of the meeting:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdEcRObZTUY)
### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### Notes: HenryJK4
### Summary: 

### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
**Pooja Ranjan:** 
* welcome to ethereum cat herders meeting  #97. I have shared agenda and chat. The first item that it says here's Ethereum network upgrade. 
We have two more new joiner today. Henry and Elif. Henry and Elif to introduce themselves.

**Henry:**
* Here to take notes and to help out. If anyone wants to know more just reach out.

**Elif:**
* Technical product manager,  just wants to contribute, and to help improve the Ethereum foundation.

**Pooja Ranjan:** 
* Thank you Henry and Elif for joining. I saw that Henry had filled out application for Ethereum Cat Herders. I will add you to the Notes schedule and providing me with access to not Channel and to be part of the calendar. Hopefully starting from the next cat herders meeting and from there making adjustments based on my availability. Thank you to Henry and thank you to Elif. Elif I have seen you in the ??meetings and its very nice to have you here and have some of your expertise that you bring to the table.

**Elif:**
* Thank you. 

# 1. Agenda Item1: Ethereum network upgrades
**Pooja Ranjan:** 
* As we all know Shanghai is the next plan upgrade that is expected on Ethereum blockchain. Ethereum cat herders have updated a page for Shanghai  There's a dedicated page where people can find out what's up in Shanghai. What proposals are there and if there's any important meetings going on that they might be interested to follow along. The upgrade is expected sometime* in 2023. We have updated the page with CFI proposals, US breakout recording that happened last Friday. The upgrade checklist is also available at ethereumcatherders.com/shanghai_upgrade . If you have any resources or information that you'd like to be added to that page. You can create an issue there or create a ??  We just want our community to know well in advance what is expected with Shanghai any kind of confusion ?? any network upgrade. As I mentioned about EF ?? breakout room. This meeting happened last Friday. There is discussion around EVM proposals to be considered for Shanghai upgrade. The general agreement was to have all or none of the EVM on the next upgrade. The team epsilon has proposed 5 proposals which are there to improve the current EVM and the discussion suggested having all or none in order to avoid any kind of changes at the last minute. ?? suggested a test now names “Shangdown”* Shangdown* is a test net started by EtheruemGSteam* end it is proposed for Shanghai proposals for now. The version one contained we EVM proposals because just trying to check out the proposals that were there under CFI.  However ?? is out now and the shanghai.eth.org.io Shanghai has been rebooted on Sunday with a new ID. The content for test net has been shared with the US meeting on Friday and we have a list. According to the list the Shanghai core contains 4 proposals the EIP3651, EIP3855, EIP3860, EIP4895 . However we are expecting the version two with 4 proposals EIP3540, EIP3670, EIP4200, EIP4750 . There is another that is up for discussion and that is a big proposal EIP 4844 Some people are expecting to have a separate test net for that is going to have both proposals and education there providing that will have its own separate test net. Talking about test Nets there are a couple of test nuts under discussion at this moment. Goerli and Roxton*. Team Goerli had a committee meeting last week and it was further discussed in the all core Dev.  And consensus layer meeting. The present issue with Goerli is that it will have the test ether it seems some people are trying to trade it. There are people showing up on Discord asking about trading options of Eth. Goerli which is not right. We don't believe that test Eth. should be treated. The general recommendation is please do not buy it. ?? recommended to migrate to the Sipolia and we see that Sipolia is there for the longer-term and we hoping to have further discussion on the up coming all core dev meeting this Thursday. Similarly we hope to have a discussion around the date for rubston Sunset so watch out for the next meeting which is planned on Thursday at 1400 UTC. We have also added the link to specs on ELN ?? you can find it on Shanghai and ?? respectively. Any question so far? I know this is just general update. OK in that case maybe we can move on. 

# 2. Agenda Item2: Events and hackathon
**Pooja Ranjan:** 
* I have 2 hackathons here eth India and eth Denver. If you want to know about more hackathons we do have a Channel on Ethereum cat herders discord please share any hackathon event that you're aware of Will be happy to add it over here and let the community know how to participate and if you're planning to join. Moving on the next one here is about sponsoring events and hackathons. I have been considering like we get to know many people here many people join Ethereum cat herders discord to find a way to be able to contribute to Ethereum community we are trying to share information every time we get the opportunity to but I have been considering expanding the support sponsoring events with small prizes. For implementing any proposal under discussion. I would like to hear thoughts of people joined here. Like what do they think about encouraging people to maybe be able to use ?? in hackathons and all. Are they open to cut herders providing some small bounty for these kind of implementations. I don't see any objection here, it seems. ?? team. Actually got in touch with the eth Global team and came across the template by which they providing this opportunity to many … in the ecosystem they can be able to encouraged hackathon participants to be useing their product similarly we would like to encourage hackathon participants to be using EIP Core interface 
* networking or probably ERC. 
* If people have strong opinions that we should not do that please come forward even if not in this meeting, you may reach out on the discord channel otherwise we will try to move ahead in this direction and I will continue with even organizing in future cat herders meetings how about the Project. 
* MGD & ConsenSys Fellowship Mentorship 
* I have been a part of that I am currently mentoring three girls there who are, those are the girls assigned, they are participating in this MGD fellowship sponsored by consensus. 
* The next one is huddle01 
* So last week we had a meeting with huddle team they gave a demo how huddle can be used to organize the kind of meeting like the current cat herders meeting. We are having  right now. It seems to be working fine with most of the aspects. So there are a few imitations in terms of the recording is done in only one form, like we can have only, not specific as we have multiple options in Zoom but that's not a problem for etheneum cat herders meeting I believe. I would be open to other thoughts if people want to share good or bad or anything about this particular app. What do people think generally about having the next meeting with the huddle app? 

**Santhosh J:**
* Yep we should give it a try, for next ??

**William Schwab:**
* I am fine with that also. 

**Pooja Ranjan:**
* Very good so in that case, so what we can do is share meeting link in advance in the agenda and obviously will try to update that in cat herders events so people can join the huddle link instead of the zoom link that we usually provide. So we can give it a try and obviously try to have a back up in place. In case that anything doesn't work well. We will have a back up to be uploaded later on however my experiences with the dev meeting we have we should not face any challenges. So thank you let's give it a try. 

# 3. Agenda Item3: ECH Stats
**Pooja Ranjan:**
* I think it is form the past week. I did not get a chance to update it. But obviously we do have a link to all social media here. We can have the latest Data updated there. I will do that. ECH Website. So we have 6 small bugs which were found with the update option ?? we have now added ?? button on the homepage ECH website so people can find it easily and as I mentioned earlier we have updated with the resources available with EIP-4844 and breakout room meeting. All these rare small buttons fixes so it was done at once so it was done at 1 PR all details are added here if people find any ?? or anything to be added to the ethereum cat herders website please create an issue or a pull request we would like the Ethereum cat herders website to be useful for the community so any and every information related to upgrade or related to Ethereum in general are welcome to be added there. 
* ECH engineering 
* The first is EIP bot I can see Jose on the call Jose if you'd like to share any thoughts on that. 

**JA:**
* Yes hello as I said on the last meeting I found maybe three candidates now I'm going to try to talk to ?? if they are working on it of not. So I can proceed to continue.

**Pooja Ranjan:**
* Sounds good I think there’s a message I think that's a general update that I can share with people. People that may have submitted funding requests for the month of October.  all of them have been confirmed as of this morning I hope we will be executing all of them right after this meeting. Whoever has submitted the request since yesterday seventh of November receiving their funds today. 
* Learn2Earn App
* We have good ?? obviously people are using the app so we are ?? sooner then the expected timeline. This is good news of course we're happy that people are taking interest in that. But every time ?? team to be something difficult in terms of we're getting the limited number of poaps for distribution so we've started to come up with our own NFT version of it. And to deploy it on not on Ethereum in order to save the cost for users to take these quizzes and get their rewards. We are working on the idea of having the contract deployed on polygon chain for this app and distribution and NFT and we and there’s a small deviation from the last meeting we were hoping to have the minting cost be sponsored by a ethereum cat herders but in order to protect a bot attack or something similar in that direction we are hoping that we do not sponsor the meeting let it be by the user who is trying to get the reward or NFT after the quiz. For that we would be needing a multi Sigg for the contract deploying and maybe sending some funds over there so they can be managed. I'm curious to hear what do people here about having this on polygon chain the NFT versos of it on Polygon chain and if there are people interested in joining that multi Sigg to the contract part of it. 

**William Schwab:**
* I have a conflict of interest I work for Polygon. So I'm not going to vote on that issue but if you want me to be on the Multi Sigg I will. 

**Pooja Ranjan:**
* Awesome we were hoping for you to have in the meeting with ??  that is would be great to have you. Hopefully George would be creating a new Multi sigg and we can have you there and I don’t know  ?? but yes if we do then good to have you there to. Anyone else form this certain group have anything ??

**William Schwab:**
* I guess I can Play devils advocate a bit. Which is why polygon? 

**Pooja Ranjan:**
* For etheruem like um we we try to do it with poap but because people can print it on ?? and there are not charges right. so they can go ahead and do that. But when it comes to Ethereum it may increase the hesitation in people. 

**William Schwab:**
* There’s a lot of other, no i understand why not ethereum main net but you also got optimism you've got Arbitron you've got a lot of others. 

**Pooja Ranjan:**
* So we did consider optimism and Arbitron but research suggests that people that are taking those quizzes are not well-versed with the web3 and provided throwing them something very advanced. In terms of Arbitron and Optimism. Maybe a Challenge for them however polygon seems to be a popular option and that should be taken into consideration. Do we want it to be a tool of ethereum but yes that is a good option for us.

**William Schwab:**
* What makes it more complicated to is to optimism and ??

**Pooja Ranjan:**
* Yes popularity is one of the criteria for discussion yeah I'm open for it. Do we want to have an optimism? We can do that. We haven't started on it yet 
 
**William Schwab:**
* Again I am playing devils advocate. I thoroughly work for polygon. I feel like we should make it an open conversation at least. 

**Pooja Ranjan:**
* Right I am happy that you're bringing this up. It really feels like somehow like we are driving the ?? when we are meeting with less parties ?? meeting happens every Wednesday at 5pm UTC time I know that is a bad time for you William Schwab but yes we just about Arbitron and optimism would be the only reason to have polygon because it's popular and people will be more familiar with polygon versus optimism and Arbitron. You are etheruem member and your advice would be very welcome. So if you think we should go with optimism we can do that. 

**William Schwab:**
* Laughing I am fine with it being on polygon I just like wanted to pop the question. 

**Pooja Ranjan:**
* I don’t want to put you on the spot here. Thank you so much for having this open conversation so. Yeah OK so let me put it this way if people think that that we should not use polygon but we should instead use Arbitron or optimism like to hear their part so please share it on discord or any other channel of Ethereum cat herders and we will bring it into active discussion. We do have a channel with ethereum cat herders on discord so you can share your thoughts over there too otherwise we will consider polygon as another best option to get this contract deployed. Right now those four quizzes we have a one that is fully exhausted however three quizzes we do have 40+ Poaps so we coping they well be there form some time. … ok so that is all on learn2earn. After the change of the NFT Poap thing we're also hoping to have some new features added to it so if comes into mind that you think that is missing from the current app or what you think for any ?? user. Who use our app and are able to learn things faster we do have a feedback form on the app so please let us know improved feature you would like to see. So we can have that done. So that's all on learn2earn. Anyone have any final questions comments? Very well let's move ahead to ECH operations I don’t see ?? on call let me see if I have him here. I think I just received an update from him. So according to his update EIP 5?? is dated and ready to go up this Thursday ?? is being edited right now for next week. Got a few more videos edited for Lenz view and ya right now we are sharing these poles on ethereum cat herders YouTube and ethereum lens view and catherders.cat you can find all the links on ethereumcatherders.site so don’t get confused come to ethereumcatherders.site you will find all related sites to get all information. And that's about podcast. 
* EIPs Insight website
* The  website is still under development we do not have the perfect data there however, the homepage turned out to be really good in terms of finding any proposal it's way easier then you can do it with the help of author number or anything like that. But we're hoping to make it more advanced in terms of charts ?? according to the EIPs in site for the month of November we have one proposal in final status EIP-2612 There are 2 proposals in last call. one is EIP-5757 so this EIP-5757 is a meta ?? coming up form EIP meeting ?? related to the external link posting EIP-5 witch is a turn on ethereum GitHub repository. Proposal is currently in the last call so if people have butts or feedback please please please do it as soon as possible you can find the link do the fellowship of Ethereum musicians in the proposal to share that feedback over there in the next EIP meeting. We hope to have proposal get into final status if possible.  Definitely complying by the last call deadline. And the other proposal in the last call is EIP 5750 please check out on EIP.etm.org this proposal and share your thoughts and feedback. Author to make necessary changes and help push proposal to the final status. Just one proposal in review status that is EIp-5606 and there are 2 new drafts add to the repository the first one is 5573 witch is sign and ethereum recap extension. So its an extension of recap ethereum ?? proposal. And the other one is EIP-5793. That’s all on EIP invites for November. 
* PEEPanEIP
* The next thing is PEEPanEIP so happy to see that. In the past weeks we have published ?? and 5606 and which we are expecting the podcast version to be going on live soon. I'm really excited about this one. In 2 weeks we have plained EIP-5646 so that is tomorrow November 9th at 1830 UTC and the following week we have EIP-115 the transient total ?? on November 15th at 1830 UTC all the information will be shared on discord general Chanel is you want to participate in the meeting and talk to ?? specifically your welcome to do so. We do provide links but we also provide forms in which we are collecting your questions if you're not able to make it to the meeting but you want your questions to be answered by the Guests. So check out the form and try to share your questions. Comments and thoughts as well if you have any good or bad feedback about this proposal because everything matters when it comes to standards so do not hesitate to share your thoughts. ?? can be found on the link that is added here. So that’s all about PEEPanEIP. Any question comments so far? Ok the second to last item here is meeting notes. 
* Meeting notes. 
* We do have notes for All Core Dev meeting Notes 149. Consensus meeting notes 97. I think we also got the notes for EIPIP meeting. The one change that we mentioned last week was that the EIPIP meeting is now at 1500 UTC. People that want to join please make sure that it is 1500 UTC do not get confused with ?? change because we try to keep it in the UTC time zone for people that are joining from different parts of the world. Other community meetings 4844 implementation meeting to is happening right now as we are having this meeting and there is EIP editing office hours. ?? We are getting very good responses to EIP editing office hours this meeting is specially designed for new authors that want to speak to EIP editors directly and help push the proposal to different statuses so if you are an author and you've made any pool requests and you don't know how to go from there you are welcome to find on ethereum cat herders on GitHub on EIP depository. ?? area PR number over there and try to join the meeting over there we will be happy to discussing your proposal ?? and dedicating this one hour at EIP editing office hours. So ya that’s it for new authors. Thank you Anett I can see a new comment here. So we would love to have magicians involved this is a good concept we hope that is has people who are trying to join contribute to Ethereum Github repository like especially the EIP repository meeting helping us make standard for other app developers. The last Item for today is 
* Outstanding action items 
* We do have meeting notes available please check out the pool request number is 324,  PR number 324, please check out ECH meeting 96 And I can’t see any open action item there. But thank you Rory for the submission of the notes. People may follow that. And I think that’s everything for today. As usual if there's any … that people would like to share any plains that we could probably have in 2023 puzzle from anyone that they would like to take the leader the platform is open. Please come forward and talk about it. Guys we need to think something new 2023 is coming up we hope that ethereum cat herders will continue contributing to the ethereum protocol developers and app developers as well but if there is something new that could be more useful to encourage more people to joint the community and maybe able to contribute if not right away then join the discord Chanel and share your thoughts over there. 

**JA:** 
* Quick question, anything that we may believe could contribute to the ?? or something specific you did not make that very clear?

**Pooja Ranjan:**
* I am sorry I not sure I got your question right? But if its like anything specific to ECH yes that is what we are talking about but if you have any passing suggestions that any other group can do. we can probably communicate it to that team. 

**JA:** 
* No thats fine thank you.

**Pooja Ranjan:**
* Awesome all right then I think that's all from the items listed here thank you all for joining us here. I hope to see you all in 2 weeks and will keep chasing ?? thank you everyone and have a good one


## Date and Time for the next meeting: 2022-Nov.-22

## Attendees:
* Henry
* Texas Farmer
* Pooja Ranjan
* William Schwab
* Santhosh J
* Rory Arredondo
* JA
* Elif Ece
* Anett Rolikova


Links discussed in the call (zoom chat)
