# ETHEREUM CAT HERDERS MEETING #124

### Meeting Date/Time: January 16, 2024 at 16:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration:  37 mins
### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### [GitHub Agenda](https://github.com/ethcatherders/PM/issues/389)
### [ Audio Video of the Meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gulaktRAf6U)

### Notes: Metago

# Agenda

## Ethereum Network Upgrades

**Santosh**
Okay, we'll just quickly get started. Welcome you all for the Ethereum Cat Herders’ meeting 124, it's in the PM repo number 389. I'm posting the link in the chat. So we'll get started, to get started with the new users in the ECH. I see SG here, SG, if you would like to introduce yourself, yeah that would be great.

**Metago**
Oh hi this is Metago. I changed…yeah.

**Santosh**
Yeah okay great. Great, good to know you're back again. Yeah so the next item is Ethereum Network upgrade, the Dencun and Deneb is in progress. Well Explorer is happening, EIP 7569 hard code meta Ron is also part of meta EIP is for upgrades and Dencun Interop Testing call has happened and the meeting notes are present and the recording is available for anyone who would like to take it forward. If anyone else want to talk anything about it can feel free to talk about it, else we move further. Thanks. 

## Next Upgrade

Next other applications and protocol developments. Roll call 1 has been mentioned in the previous call. I have to check if there another call has happened in the last two weeks, if not, this should be the latest one. 

## Events, Fellowships, and Hackathons [1:56]( https://youtu.be/OLq4x5WRFzs?si=lHH-p3aYu40tFHGz&t=116) 

Moving on, for events fellowship and hackathons, uh ETH Cinco de Mayo is happening between February 2nd to 4th.  ETH Denver is between Feb 3rd to March 3rd of 2024, co-organized by ECR and and co-organized by Women in Protocol with Ethereum Foundation. I'm sure Pooja will have some ideas around this and Women's Day Celebrations and thoughts and ideas. 

I believe last year we were discussing to bring in women who are part of this Ethereum community and have interview happening from ECH. If anyone want to take initiative or have ideas or thoughts feel free to bring it up here. The last one is eth…

**Metago**
I just wanted to talk…

**Santosh**
Sorry go for it.

**Metago**
Yeah, regarding the Women's Day celebration, I would like to work a bit on it but I'm not sure if we should do the same format as we did last time, where we had like a panel discussion or just record videos. I think that's what Pooja had suggested beforehand like record videos beforehand of women developers in the space and post them on women's day. I think that would be something that sounds more feasible and maybe I could bring that up at a later meeting.

**Santosh**
Definitely. That's a very good idea. We can give it an attempt. Yeah.

The last event is ETH Berlin, which is happening between May 24 to 26 of 2024. If anyone of you who's listening to this call, if you happen to attend this any of these events, do let ECH know, we will be more than happy to help you in any ways possible.

## New initiative/association/team discussion [4:09]( https://youtu.be/OLq4x5WRFzs?si=Gz1OmQ7oIImLR2Cr&t=249) 

New initiative Association; ecosystem project demo was the last one. I was having conversation with a few more devs I'll resume it. I had post it for a couple of weeks because I was away from work so I'll get started from this week and I'll see if I can schedule something for the upcoming Thursday.

Meet the Herders, Haresh…

**Haresh**
Hi sorry, yeah so it's been pending at my end to finish off the third meeting. I think I ran to the holiday season and then I had to move apartments so this time next week I should have my setup back, so I will be working on the text for it and it should be ready uh probably by two weeks from now uh and then I need to schedule more interviews so hopefully, once I have my setup, we should be in a position to record more but that's all the updates from my side.

**Santosh**
Definitely. Great okay and there any further ideas, do let us know or initiatives anyone in the call wants to bring it up I'm happy to hear the thoughts yeah.

**Haresh**
Sure I think merch is something we touched upon I think some time back but with you know like the conference season resuming it may not be a bad idea to like just keep an eye on it so we can distribute merch to just to get the word out.

**William Schwab**
Not even do we actually have any merch I don't know we have so I think producing merch would probably end up being a part of that.

**Haresh**
No no we don't have any at all I don't think we have like any but I suppose we can sort of be ready for the season.

**William Schwab**
That is a thought it can be a surprising amount of work it happens to be just to select someone between the different choices figure out costs how like how many to make how to make where the where the logo goes like there there's a surprisingly large amount of choices, but that being said I do think it's a good idea. 

I mean it's even a question of logistics because let's say that one person takes care of making I don't know 100 sweatshirts or whatever the case is but then someone else goes to the conference it's like I mean does that mean that you have to like automatically have the person who's going to the conference make them or like even how do they get them there like there's actually a fair amount of logistics in that but it's definitely something to think about.

**Metago**
I think two years ago Puja had talked to me about doing merch and at that time we didn't have enough time to get everything done but I think Pooja has a database of vendors in China that can ship the merch so if there's like a conference and somebody's going maybe Pooja will have that information about getting like certain merch shipped to those people.

**William Schwab**
Probably when they're actually already by the conference which might add complication but it's probably the easiest way to do it but yeah I hear. Awesome.

**Santosh**
Yeah I think the other way I would also consider, maybe share this facts with the community with whom we work right met is going to interview few people for the woman's day, maybe they can receive our merch and they can talk about it in the social media right so that also brings some sort of awareness because they are key influencers or key community members so that's one way other way to think about not necessarily it has to go to an event but rather we can distribute among the community who are very active and collaborating with ECH.

**Metago**
But I would think that having the merch at a conference would be high visibility and it would like be a better investment in terms of like reaching a wider audience.

**Santosh**
I second that yeah that's definitely like what Willam mentioned maybe that's that like for the short term may be can get started here and see what are the complexity how difficult is it to get procurement and get it delivered but yeah we can figure it out if anyone happens to attend an event they can definitely give it an attempt if time and investment permits yeah.

**Metago**
Yeah that makes sense.

## General updates / discussion [9:35]( https://youtu.be/OLq4x5WRFzs?si=XwtfJ0k2MrNoeByt&t=575) 

**Santosh**
Cool moving on to the next one is General updates and discussion the new website minus ecs.com and GitHub YouTube everything has been renamed as part of 2024. The ECH stats has been stagnant, we haven't updated yet. 

On the Eth engineering jobs if you like to add if you like to share update that would be great.

**George Harvey**
Yeah sure so for engineering we've been heads down on rebooting the learn to earn app. I geared towards Dencun and planning to announce it during the Goerli fork live stream later today or tonight for me. The one thing that we're looking to do is upload the Dencun quiz. I don't know if there's another version but that's currently in the works in terms of uploading that new quiz, the rest of the whole thing of like the UI and all that, it looks refreshed and ready to go so we're like down to the wire but it seems pretty good so far so excited about that.

**Santosh**
Awesome yeah I think I have the quiz questions and answers ready. So the only thing was pending was the format, I can get it like I have discussed with you right maybe I can have some empty states around it or blank information and share it with you for you to get.

**George Harvey**
Yeah that' be appreciated I don't know if I have like an older version right now I have worked on the formatting already, but if there's a like an updated version that would definitely be appreciated getting that right now or not right now but like uh relatively soon so

**Santosh**
Sure yeah.

**George Harvey**
All right thanks.

#### ECH Operations [11:53]( https://youtu.be/OLq4x5WRFzs?si=LK9pMN4OMhURb0Az&t=713) 

**Santosh**
Thank you George. On the ECH operation, PEEPanEIP is continue to happening, ECH podcast, EIP Insights, they have they have been planned as it's going on the ECS funding Octant, OP RPGF which is completed. If folks in this call or anyone who's listening if there's any other fundings happening around the community to bring it up to Noti we'll see if you eligible to apply for it and the next is the meeting notes I'll get the checked and see if anything is pending any meting notes is pending uh otherwise I think we are pretty good we have covered every sections yeah. And if anyone wants to bring up anything feel free to bring it up else we should be good for today.

Okay thank you everyone have a great day.

# Attendees

* Santosh
* Metago
* Haresh
* William Schwab
* George Harvey


