# Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting #122

### Meeting Date/Time: November 21, 2023
### Meeting Duration:  23 mins
### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### [GitHub Agenda](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/381)
### [ Audio Video of the Meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmrA5dS-UlY)
### Next Meeting Date/Time: Dec 05 2023 at 15:00 UTC
### Meeting Notes: Meenakshi Singh
---

**PoojaRanjan** [00:00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmrA5dS-UlY&t=0s): Welcome to Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting #122. This is issue no #381 on Ethereum Cat Herders PM Repo. So we have our usual item starting with Ethereum Network Upgrades. We will provide some protocol development and research updates. Events fellowship Hackathons as shared by the community and a few initiatives and associations with respect to teams discussion and some general updates and discussions. 

## 1. Ethereum network upgrades
So for the first item here we have Cancun and Deneb Upgrade. From the last All Core Dev Execution meeting which happened about two weeks ago. The developers shared that Goerly Shadow Fork 0 went live on November 6th and the timing was 3:31p.m. UTC. The Dencun Fork happened on the Shadow Fork on Epoch 20 after it went live. They started with a new Beacon chain and 24 nodes were active. They noted a regular Spike here and there and no unexpected issues. Main thing to analyze on that was the amount of time to build payload and the details of analysis are available on report shared by the team. I'm just trying to make sure we have added the link to that. Okay so we will add the link to the Goerli Shadowfork 0 analysis here in the meeting agenda. There was a Devconnect event going on in the last week. And despite being in the Devconnect,  in real life meeting,  consensus layer developers joined for the prescheduled meeting of the ACDC All Core Dev Consensus meeting last Thursday. And the update shared on that meeting was that Devnet #12 is perhaps planned this week and specs for devnet 12 will be added to ECH website. Hive testing was conducted. And some more testings are planned. They are ready on block Builders and blobbers added test cases on blobbers. Basically, the testing is ready but more they can have is good. Goerli public testnet Fork is not scheduled yet but we can expect it sometimes in mid December. We did not have any interop testing call planned last week. So the video you find here is from the last meeting. And in terms of other useful resources we have added changes included to the network upgrade in Dencun on Ethereum Cat Herders Website. It's ethereumcatherders.com/dencun/ .  You can perhaps take a look and check out the updates with respect to devnets since Inception and other useful resources is added here. We have also added the PEEPanEIP playlist of Dencun which contains the talk of all nine EIP’s and a few other talks around Dencun upgrade with the testing team. 

## 2. Other Protocol Development & Research

Moving on protocol development and research side. We have our video for Verkle implementers call. Verkle Implementers are moving with the devnet to test the proposals. You can find more about it on the implementors calls added here. 
Roll call call was planned two weeks ago and I think the next one is planned on December 13th. Yes so the next Roll Call meeting #1 will be planned on December 13 at, 14:00 UTC. People interested may ping Ansgar and Carl or else the recording will be shared on Ethereum protocol YouTube. We did not have any updates on EOF implementers meeting. I haven't seen the video going up but we expect the next meeting of EOF to be on November  29th. 
## 3. Events, Fellowship, Hackathon
ETH Berlin is expected next year somewhere around May 24 - 26. Please check out the website if you want to participate in that if you want to participate as a speaker hackathon and participant or maybe just to attend the meeting you will find more information over there. In near future ETH India is planned. tI's expected between December 8 - 10. I'm trying to help our team with some kind of speakers, especially on the protocol side. We hope that this is going to be another wonderful event at ETH global level. So yeah we'll share more updates. 

## 4. New initiative/association/team discussion
About Chinese subtitle of PEEP Videos, last week we were joined by a user who is here to support us with the description. We do have description. We are just working on how to upload that on YouTube. Hopefully it will be done soon. 

### Ecosystem Project Demo 
On ecosystem project demo last week we recorded a talk with the team Kurtosis. Kurtosis provides a testnet environment for ethereum testing team they have helped with the merge upgrade as well as they are helping with the Dencun plus the Verkle team with setting up their devnets. And we may use their sport with the EOF testnets as well. The recording of Kurtosis will be shared shortly. If not this week I am expecting that to be uploaded definitely early next week. 


### Meet The Herders, Ep 2 - Victor Zhou
In the meantime we have shared episode #2 from Meet the Herders. A video link has been added here. We recorded episode with Victor. I think we will get more updates from Haresh here. 


**Haresh Gedia** [7:26](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmrA5dS-UlY&t=446s): Hey Pooja. So yeah the episode with Victor has been edited and published on channels. We have also put out a brief summary of this on Medium and it's also on Spotify which was done by ZK and the next in line I have some more interview scheduled. So we should have more episodes. I think, in the next two weeks.

**Pooja Ranjan** [7:58](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmrA5dS-UlY&t=478s): Sounds good. Thank you for that. 


## 5. General updates/discussion
The next item is General updates and discussion. As I can see here we have updated the Twitter, Discord, YouTube, LinkedIn followers users and subscribers here. People who aren't a follower and have not subscribed to it yet. May perhaps follow the link. there should be an invite link added to the agenda and they can get it over there. I don't see George on the call but we had this meeting yesterday. So perhaps I can provide updates on ECH engineering on his behalf. So we have updated ECH website Dencun to include uptill Devnet #11. I am expecting the devnet #12 specs to be uploaded in a day or two over there. We have added a new page which is ethereumcatherders.com/testnets/. So this page of testnet includes the information with respect to the active testnet and deprecated testnets. It will be useful for dapp developers to maybe follow and get the resources here. This also contains the resources of FAUCETS and related website GitHub and the scanners available. So as we know Sepolia is the most active testnet that is recommended for usage right now.  In parallel we are also coming up with Holesky testnet. People can find related FAUCETS and scanners available on the website. And Goerly which is active but we are hoping it to be deprecated by the end of 2023. So users which are still using the Goerli testnet for testing their tabs may want to consider to switch on to Sepolia or Holesky. We should be expecting very few difference between Goerli and Holesky like it's just mainly about changing the network name and perhaps you would be able to get move to the Holesky testnet. I'm hoping to get some  documentation around that that would be useful. But people who would like to create some document to help out other users who may or may not be able to make this switch easily. we welcome them to share their Resources with us. And we'll be happy to add it on the ethereumcatherders.com/testnet/ page for any new users to come and follow. In addition to that as I mentioned we people can also find related information with the KOVAN testnet ROPSTEN,  MORDEN and OLYMPIC. And I think we are now joined by George. I was just sharing information on your behalf on the Ethereum testnet page which went live last week. Anything else you would like to add on testnets. 

**George Hervey** [11:18](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmrA5dS-UlY&t=678s): Yes. I'm a bit late so when it comes to the testnet page there are a few updates that still need to be made. One is just beautifying a little bit more we're adding some graphics and just anything that looks weird on it which I don't think there are those will be touched up the whole page. And then I believe there's also one deprecated testnet that is still missing that being link be that will be included as well. So I think that's pretty much the updates when it comes to that page. When it comes to the website as a whole we're going to add the devnet version 12 to the Dencun page. And I believe we're going to be making some more updates on the rest of the website with additional Pages as well to be announced soon. 


**Pooja Ranjan** [12:31](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmrA5dS-UlY&t=751s): Right and if people have any information or anything that they find missing they can perhaps create an issue or maybe add a PR to update the page. We welcome all issues and PR to make the  ethereumcatherders.com page/ website as useful as possible for new users. And yeah as George was mentioning there are a few other page is to be expected there we have a proposed design for Meet the Herder page. Link is added here. We may go for a couple of iterations but we should expect the page added there. So people may find information about this new series in all the platforms at one place. Similarly we are also trying to add another page for ecosystem project demo to get the collection of project information at one place. I think that has to be announced later on. Yeah maybe George if you would like to update with the Learn to Earn thing. I know we have questions and the NFT design is still work in progress. Maybe any updates on UI design or if any help is required.


**George Hervey** [13:57](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmrA5dS-UlY&t=837s): Yeah so it looks like the badges the design on the badges have been continually iterated and will continue to be improved upon and they're starting to look good. When it comes to the application it seems that Morales that were built on the V1 which has been deprecated from their hosting. So will be self-hosting now. And I'll be using mongodb and may require a little bit more work to do but thankfully they have a tutorial on how to set that up. So we should be  okay with that. And it should be up before the actual Dencun update is made which it seems like it will happen in January with the upgrade. So sometime by December we should see the Learn to Earn being up and ready to use. 


**Pooja Ranjan** [15:24](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmrA5dS-UlY&t=924s): So that's all right we would like to get it ready before the upgrade. So people can follow it. So yeah I think we are on track. 

### ECH Operations
All right moving ahead on ECH operations. So the first item listed here is YouTube shorts. So we have been adding shorts to community playlist. There are two different form that we are using right now. One is like YouTube shorts which is under a minute like 59 seconds and there is another one in which we do not have it as in like under 59 but we keep it within Less than 3 minutes. So people may follow Community playlist to check out the latest shorts added there. We have in the past two weeks we have added two the one is Ethereum's optimistic road map with Mark Mackey and the another one is the future of  Ethereum scaling with the Layer 2 this was a part of talk with the researchers from the Ethereum foundation Ansgar Dietrichs. In addition to that on operations side we have been publishing the ECH podcast regularly. I don't see ZK on the call but we try to update the ethereumcatherders.com/podcast/  page people can find the information with respect to every podcast platform available over there.  Please check it out. The next one is EIPs Insight. So for EIPs Insight web page we have made a slight change here. Let me share that. So as we can see the EIPs Insight  page nw also has this another tab called ERC’s insight. So people can easily switch between two tabs and get information as of now. We see that  one proposal in withdrawn for stagnant to review and one draft on the ERC EIP side and on ERC we have two review and five in last call. People can also find all information added on the Ethereum Improvement Proposal hackmd over here. And that contains the list of EIPs Insight but they have been updated. 
Moving on to PEEPanEIP and last week we recorded an episode with Sam Wilson on EIP 5069. We hopefully will be releasing its video and podcast version in the upcoming week but I found that talk very interesting and part of them would be used for the next EIPIP meeting. At the moment the process Improvement team are working on EIP and ERC repo split. And we are hoping to add necessary tooling to make sure that both repositories are ready and in this conversation with Sam Wilson we also got a glimpse of what to expect with respect to working group on EIP and ERC side in the future. So I'll highly recommend to  follow this talk if you haven't subscribed to  EthereumCatHerders YouTube. Please do. We will get to notify when this episode is out. In the meantime we also released EIP 4881 with Mark Mackey this is about getting deposit contract snapshot. This EIP reached to final status. It's interesting especially for developers who are working on the beacon chain side. So EIP 4881 could highly be replaced with EIP 6110 in future but until EIP 6110 is live on Ethereum Mainnet. I think consensus layer clients have most of the consensus layer clients have implemented EIP-4881. In the call we were joined by Gajender Singh who was leading Lodestar. And he also mentioned that Lodestar is also considering to implement that proposal in the client. This is an Interface layer proposal and hence it's  not mandatory to be added to the  upgrade. So yeah it was all in all interesting conversation we learned about  some fun facts about deposit contract from 2020. I highly recommend people to check out to learn more about the beacon chain. And we have added the link to the schedule for upcoming meetings on ECH funding. We received eight ether from Epoch one of octant. It has been transferred to carrier multi sek.  Thank you team  Octant and they have also requested us to  share updates on the progress made between Epoch one to maybe able to participate in future Grant round. And that will help us decide or maybe participate on the  next funding round.  I hope to work on the document and may be able to share with the team. I think the deadline is somewhere in December. yeah so we will try to have that updated it December 22. Yes, so we'll try to have that updated before there on this course for validators who may be sharing their earning for public good fundings may consider us for the grant. OP RPGF is live right now and we will get more updates as this round gets concluded. We couldn't participate on Giveth or CLR but Gitcoin Grant Round 19 is open. I am not very confident about our participation. It seems like we needed to reapply for that and I don't see Santosh in the call. So we'll wait for him to provide more updates on that side and for meeting notes. We hope to add all the meeting notes links added to the agenda for people to follow and that pretty much concludes all our agenda item today. Is there  anything else to be shared or discussed? 


Well thank you everyone for  joining us today and for our listeners. Happy Thanksgiving. See you in two weeks. Have a great one Everyone.


## Attendees
* Pooja Ranjan
* George Hervey
* Haresh Gedia

## The date for the next meeting is Dec 5, 2023



