# Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting # 96
### Meeting Date/Time: Tuesday 25 October 2022 at 15:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 38:55
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/322)
### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dU7rdhIl-Hs&ab_channel=EthereumCatHerders)
### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### Notes: Rory Arredondo

---

# Agenda

## 1. Ethereum Network Upgrades: [EIP-4844 Implementers' Call #1](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/issues/647), [Shanghai](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-specs/blob/master/network-upgrades/mainnet-upgrades/shanghai.md) & [Capella](https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs/tree/dev/specs/capella), [Shanghai page at ECH website](https://www.ethereumcatherders.com/shanghai_upgrade/index.html), [CNBC piece on Proof of Stake](https://www.cnbc.com/2022/10/22/how-ethereums-merge-made-crypto-mining-more-sustainable.html)

**Pooja Rangan** (0:00) - Welcome to a Ethereum Cat Herders meeting 96. I have shared agenda in chat. As usual we'll start with our first item: Network upgrade. Ethereum is expecting next to network upgrade providing there Shanghai on the execution side and Capella on the consensus side. The name of the network upgrade hasn't been decided yet. The bike sharing model that has to has to be done but in the meanwhile, development team have started looking into the proposals. I have added the link to the Shanghai page at Ethereum Cat Herders website that listed current six CFI proposals. Please take a look we have we are trying to add related resources for each of the proposals under discussion or under consideration for the next network upgrade. There is one proposal EIP 4844 that is going to be a huge proposal and for that from today we are going to have a public implementers call. I have added a link to the call agenda as well as the notes. The timing for this call is 1430 UTC. Probably it is under progress at the time we are speaking. From the past upgrade module, I got an opportunity to talk to CNBC team about proof of stake and why that is important for the blockchain ecosystem. I have added the link to the YouTube and the piece that was shared by the mainstream media. Moving on to hackathon and events. Recently, we concluded Devcon. We will talk about further events. We are joined by Rory who was a volunteer for Devcon organizing. Rory we would like to take a minute and talk about the event.

## 2. Events & hackathon: Devcon Recap, [ETHIndia Dec 2nd - 4th, 2022](https://ethindia.co/), [ETH Denver Feb 24- March 05, 2023](https://www.ethdenver.com/)

**Rory Arredondo** (2:03) - Yea so I actually I just got back yesterday morning so I'm still kind of collecting thoughts and everything but overall I thought it went really well. A lot of positive feedback from attendees, volunteers, people from the EF. I guess like the one of the main concerns like within I suppose was the Wi Fi the first day was quite so many people in the venue and just kind of be in there at the same time. This was the first event that that venue hosted at that size approximately 6000 attendees. So it definitely strained the Wi Fi but as the week went on, it got a lot better. I mean, there was a lot of a lot of content a lot of programs crammed you know throughout the four days and I thought just only really one incident with that regarding speaker disputes. And a lot of people have felt you know, that attended that were hesitant first, felt glad that they were able to attend or attended. There really wasn't, I guess too big of an issue around security. A few people I think maybe had their phones pickpocketed whilst on the street waiting for crossing the streets via motorcyclists, but all in all, I think it was in terms of safety and security, people felt so comfortable with it. And luckily the venue to provide a lot of their own security staff as well. So I think that that helped me a monitor, monitor people trying to sneak in or anything like that. And trying to think, I mean, I guess personally it was a great event. I thought this was my first Devcon. And, and yeah, I mean the programming, the volunteers were incredible. We had a lot of a lot of great volunteers helping with the event. And just the Devcon team itself was I mean, we worked pretty tirelessly, I guess for the past month and a half, two months, making sure that it was as best as it could be. And yeah, really looking forward to when the next Devcon will be and where that will be. Not sure if anybody has any questions about it, or if anybody else was in attendance.

**Pooja Ranjan** (4:34) - Thank you for this update. This is really interesting to know that there were a lot of speakers and this was a huge event after this long break. I think this Devcon happened after a couple of years because of pandemic we could not have it in between but it was great to know that people had a good time over there. I did hear about the couple of security safety concerns as you were mentioning but not everything beyond the premises can be under control but the way people have managed that event was great. Kudos to the team.

**Rory Arredondo** (5:10) - Cheers. Thank you.

**Pooja Ranjan** (5:12) - I just one more thing on top of this too, people can find most of the talks on Ethereum Foundation YouTube channel, there is also Ethereum protocol roadmap that was organized with the help of ETH magician team. We tried to help a little bit and having speakers over there with Nat, Tim Beiko. I found that was a great success. There was a lot of discussion related to EIPs, which may be under consideration for upcoming upgrades. Yes, the new joiner Yes, you can be in spectator. Feel free to share your questions or add comments if needed. All right. Anyone else has anything on Devcon?

**Rory Arredondo** (6:05) - I guess really briefly. I did get to meet Tim talk to Tim for a little bit and Hudson as well. I got to chat with Hudson on a few occasions. So that was nice.

**Pooja Ranjan** (6:15) - That's really good. Hudson has been a great contributor to Ethereum Cat Herders, in fact he is one of the founding team members when the Cat Herders were initially founded in 2019. So it is a great opportunity to connect. I hope to join the next Devcon. I don't know if there is any announcement or conversation for the next city for Devcon event. But yeah, looking forward to it.

**Rory Arredondo** (6:40) - Yeah, there was. I mean, there's a proposal for Istanbul. So the people that submitted that proposal, were definitely there in full force and trying to you know, get get the word out for for Devcon to be there next next year. We'll see what happens but nothing's really nothing has been decided as far as I'm aware.

**Pooja Ranjan** (7:02) - Sounds good. We hope that close to mid next year we'll hear about the venue because it takes time and preparation. Looking forward to it.

**William Schwab** (7:14) - Yeah, I think they usually don't answer this early like I would expect it like probably somewhere around end of Q1 beginning of this year to 2023. This one's a bit strange because it was already selected for last year's Devcon. It's just last year's Devcon didn't happen.

**Pooja Ranjan** (7:30) - Yeah, right. All right. Now we have added couple of more events. One is ETH India that is going to be organized in association with ETHGlobal so it's in person hackathon. So people who are there probably would like to join. I'm not sure if they have online acceptance for hackathon, but definitely for speaking opportunities people can check out. Next one is ETHDenver that is expected in 2023, February, it's going to be a huge event. Denver has been a favorite spot for Ethereum developers for quite some years. So we look forward to have this event with some new products and new conversation. I don't know if people from Ethereum Cat Herders are planning to join Denver. Around the time please feel free to share. And we can probably have a channel for the event a discussion and they can team up to participate in an event and represent Ethereum Cat Herders even not be free to join. That's a very good point to meet. Other people of the community. 

## 3. New initiative/association: MGD & ConsenSys Fellowship Mentorship and Decentralized meeting - Huddle01

**Pooja Ranjan** (8:43) - Moving on next is a new initiatives and association. Recently I got in touch with the MGD, a member of Mehta Gamma Delta. That is DAO for women interested in coming into Web3 spaces. They are organizing a fellowship with the help of Consensys. So first cohort of fellowship I am entering a few girls over there. Last week I gave a talk to this group of girls. It was related to Ethereum Cat Herders how Ethereum Cat Herders can provide a stepping ground for new people who are interested in Web3 world and may not be very much technically skilled. There are other opportunities along with being into development side. So I shared the platform. I hope that some of them may be able to join our Discord and probably be able to contribute to Ethereum Cat Herders in the future. A few weeks ago, Huddle team they shared their decentralized meeting platform we are still under discussion. Unfortunately, I did not get to get enough time to test it before the meeting. But as promised to the team, I'm hoping to have at least one meeting organized of Ethereum Cat Herders with this new tool they already have created to me now they're located everything over there but it shows that it needs to be tested before we can have one of their meetings. So if we plan to have the meeting, I would hope that we will give at least one meeting before warning that the next meeting may not be organized on Zoom but maybe organized on Huddle is just an effort to maybe able upcoming a new project. Yeah, the team from Huddle are already there with EthCatHerders discord. Anyone has any question comment? Yeah,

**William Schwab** (10:42) - Yea, maybe we should try rolling it out on smaller meetings first, or at least doing some like actual like kind of live fire testing in the background. Like if you want to hop on a meeting with me or something like that, like outside of these meetings, just to make sure that we've got kind of the reliability that we need. And I guess that we have a solid plan in place if it doesn't work. This is nothing against the Huddle team but like migration sells pain and they are newer, they are a newer platform with less of a budget than Zoom. I think it is fair to treat it as something that might not have necessarily reliability. That being said, I do think they're an excellent team. I would be interested in porting over to it, but like, Is there is there a plan in place just for like exactly how we do it or did you plan on just like going full stop next meeting in Zoom and then huddle?

**Pooja Ranjan** (11:39) - No, actually, that is the right point. That you raised here. That's exactly the plot in mind. Like we should do it in on a smaller scale, make sure everything goes good, and then only we will bring it to the Ethereum Cat Herders meeting. But even for before bringing it to the Ethereum Cat Herders meeting we will give like about two weeks in between so people know that we are not just randomly going away from Zoom and have it over there. If you're interested probably I can add you to the group. I have ZK do already in touch with this team member probably we can arrange something I understand ZK has been bandwidth constrained recently. Yeah, if you're open we can add to the conversation and we can take it there.

**William Schwab** (12:26) - Sounds good. And again, if you want to just test it out, it could be you've already been testing it out and other meetings but I'd be interested in testing it out with you just like hopping on a call seeing if we're able to hear each other like things like that, just like you know how easy it is to use, etc.

**Pooja Ranjan** (12:41) - Of course, will do that. I'll see to it maybe this week or early next week. I'll coordinate with you outside the call and have a short call for testing purposes organized.

**William Schwab** (12:52) - Awesome. Sounds great.

## 4. ECH updates: 

### ECH Stats: 

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/EthCatHerders) - 6504 Followers
[Discord](https://discord.io/EthCatHerders) - 1314 users
[YouTube](https://studio.youtube.com/channel/UCD9iiIwTRtLDYcEWONs2Q3A) - 2789 subscribers
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ethereum-cat-herders/) - 249 Followers

**Pooja Ranjan** (12:54) - Thank you. So that's on new initiative and associations. Next comes up ECH updates. I have shared ECH stats for Twitter, Discord, YouTube and LinkedIn. I hope people continue looking into the stats. We are hoping that we get more subscribers to our YouTube channel. It has a lot of good content. Similarly we are open to add people on Discord channel though we have put some bots in place to stop malicious parties getting into it and the channel and we are trying to do our best that all bad actors be stopped. Still if you find or receive any link which may be spam, we have a channel please report us over there and I'll be happy to like kick that person out. Kick that user out of our channel. We want to make it a safe place where people can exchange their thoughts and share some new ideas for the new year, 2023. 

### [ECH website](https://www.ethereumcatherders.com/)

[Pull Request](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/ech-website-v2/pulls)
[Issues](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/ech-website-v2/issues)
[Add Merge Mainnet Livestream video to Merge page ech-website-v2#74](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/ech-website-v2/issues/74)
[Update Shanghai Page ech-website-v2#72](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/ech-website-v2/issues/72)

**Pooja Ranjan** (13:54) - All right, next is excuse me, ECH website. So we have been making some updates to Ethereum Cat Herders website we can look into the pull requests and issues section currently two open issues on there. I was hoping to have some, okay. Yeah. So we have two open issues right now. That is with respect to merge page and to update as Shanghai page Shanghai page. We are planning to merge readiness checklist with all the proposals which are implemented by different clients. So we are hoping to have that table added over there. I'm expecting the pull request later today. People if you have any resources that you would like to add for Shanghai page, please either create an issue or make a pull request or share it with us on ECH discord. We would like to provide as much as information related to the next upcoming upgrade with the help of Ethereum Cat Herders website. Next is ECH engineering. We have EIP bot an EIPV. I don't know if anyone has any update that they would like to share on this?

**JA** (15:26) - Yeah, remember, I don't know if you remember that I'm waiting for the editors to commit which issues I can I can take to avoid, you know, duplication or inconsistencies when the pull requests are generated. We spoke about it two weeks ago, I don't know. Just just to refresh that view.

**Pooja Ranjan** (15:51) - That is right. I think we are trying to make it a practice that if anyone is booking on any of the pull request, they can probably leave a comment that they are working so we avoid duplicating the work over there. So if there is any issue which is not been under active development by any of the people like people haven't left any comment that they are working on it probably that is the right one to begin with.

**JA** (16:22) - Okay, I will rescan the issues list and I will I will write a comment again to see who is working or not being an issue. Thank you.

### [ECH engineering](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/266)

#### [EIP bot](https://github.com/ethereum/EIP-Bot/issues) & [EIPV](https://github.com/ethereum/eipv/issues)
[Learn2Earn App](https://l2e.ethereumcatherders.com/), [GitHub](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/L2E)

**Pooja Ranjan** (16:36) - Sounds good. The next one on ECH engineering is learn to earn App. With the release of App it was super exciting to see that people are taking interest to take all these quizzes though we have launched it but pilot phase or for quizzes over there. And we ran out of POAP and just of course to be. We have George here on the call to maybe provide more updates on this app since the launch.

**George Hervey** (17:11) - Yeah, so basically, like Pooja said, we ran out of POAPs pretty quickly after launch. We refilled those POAPs. And shortly after refilling them, one of the courses was completely exhausted of POAPs again. So it looks like we may have been like (inaudible) on at least one the courses. It seems like the other ones. They seem like pretty decent levels. So we might have to transition from POAP to our own NFT that would basically simulate a POAP but then that won't restrict us to any quantity limits that POAP gives us we've been struggling with. We would ask for like a few 100 POAPs they would only give us like something like that. So that has also been frustrating and has led to quick exhaustion of all these POAPs. So hopefully like to discuss a little bit today. If we have time during this call on if that seems sensible in terms of deploying our NFT like POAP like NFT and which chain to deploy on, ideally like some layer two it's gonna be cost out of our own pockets. But choosing which layer two that is I don't know if that should be up to I should likely be up to vote. So.

**Pooja Ranjan** (19:12) - Yeah, um, thank you for this update George. Yes, I think we should probably discuss about the next like, oh, what what we can do with this POAP thing? I understand at this time, we have limited number of POAPs but I'm more concerned about the issue with the BOT right. So if we were (inaudible) with with the new one that we are trying to have created as NFT. Do you think we can have some resistance over there probably will you be able to stop I understand we already have captcha in place. But what else could be done to like not get minted?

**George Hervey** (20:00) - Yeah. So in addition to like having our own NFT, which is kind of frees us from the supply issue as supply restriction, we still need to add some security measures like I think you'd have to if you want to earn a NFT at the end of the course, we may have to require sign in instead of allowing you to also guest mode users. That way makes it a little bit harder, where if the user already minted an NFT for that course, they can't mint it again at least on the front end. We could also add some provisions in the smart contract as well, where if it's, if a particular address already claimed an NFT, or has that NFT in their in their balance, then they'll essentially revert the mint and no additional mint go to that person. Or to that to that address. Additional things we could do is possibly if there's like a lot of minting at one particular IP, we could do IP blocking, but that's something I'd rather not have to do. But those are the security measures I could see I don't think we could ever fully prevent the (inaudible) as well as someone just like brute forcing in terms of finding a way to just mint a bunch. But the goal is definitely to make it harder. So at least the signing in as a user to get the reward at least that makes it a little bit harder. So yeah, those are my thoughts.

**Pooja Ranjan** (22:04) - Sign in is a very good option. I see. There was one other option I think we discussed in the past on like sharing the link via email. How like convenient it is for us because I assume when it is to be done like via email, probably we can add some check over there and instead of providing the link right away on this screen, it will be done as the second step and then we can add a check over there that is this link for this particular course has been sent to this email address should not be sent again, there should not be any further link shared with that email address. If that makes sense.

**George Hervey** (22:48) - Yeah, I mean that can be done to. Kind of like with all these they all have caveats, right. Like we have to force users to sign in, when it comes to like the email out to force them to give us their email address. And then like store their email address, and I mean it doesn't fully block the issue in terms of like so it just keeps spinning up new email addresses, just like the same thing, whereas someone can spin up a new wallet and sign in with that wallet as a new user and do the same thing. But yeah, that's like another way to make it a little bit harder and a little bit more annoying. To constantly mint. I don't know. Email is also like not as favorable just because it's storing the email address on overload where people are comfortable with that.

**Pooja Ranjan** (23:57) - Yeah, I think I'm getting your point right now. Yeah, making it what would the help of GitHub and it'd be come up with email storing probably we will need some external database to store it. That would complicate it. But anyways, I'm open to other thoughts like if people have thoughts currently we are discussing two issues related to learn to earn one is the POAP minting, like how we can stop that and the other one is the limitation of the number of POAPs that we are receiving from the team. So if we choose to go to the path of our own NFT version as a reward for people who want to taking this quiz, which would be the best chain to choose that we were earlier discussing about Polygon, Arbitrum, Optimism and Gnosis chain. So yeah, if anyone has an interest to share please.

**Pooja Ranjan** (25:08) - We can also continue this point on Learn to Earn channel that we have on Ethereum Cat Herders if nothing comes to your mind right now. And if you come up with any thought later on, please feel free to share it with us. We would really appreciate consideration we want to be as close as possible to Ethereum blockchain but at the same time, we don't want the minting to be very expensive for people who are taking these quizzes. We want to reward them. Yeah, as cheap as possible.

**George Hervey** (25:42) - Yeah. And Ethereum Cat Herders would essentially be paying for all the gas. So another thing to point out to users to make it as seamless as possible for the users essentially mint it on behalf of the user. So costs would definitely be a huge factor.

**Pooja Ranjan** (26:12) - Alright. With that thought, please try on four quizzes available on l2e.Ethereumcatherders.com If you haven't tried it already, we still have our running on the POAP the Github POAPs for three courses. I guess what for one we ran out where they will parted. We are hoping to get that repeal and yes, we will try to come up with different solutions, different options, how to keep this working. We are also looking for people who maybe help us build more quizzes on that. And yeah, to maybe improve user experience. So if you're interested to contribute in this, please reach out.

### ECH Operations

[ECH GitHub backup & YouTube backup](https://hackmd.io/@poojaranjan/ECHBackup)
[ECH Podcast](https://open.spotify.com/show/7dgxKMkSyy3HWtQW7OfqXA)

**Pooja Ranjan** (27:04) - Alright, moving on. The next one is a ECH operations. So there are a couple of tasks listed here. ECH Github backup, YouTube backup on podcast. ZK unfortunately wasn't able to make this call, though he has shared his update with me before this meeting on podcast EIP 5496, is is being edited right now. We hope to get it live by Thursday. All wallet Dev Meeting 6 was recorded and it is added on Ethereum Cat Herders YouTube channel people can follow that. There is no update for (inaudible) as he was switching jobs and he could not add more backups there. He hoped to get more but whatever has been done so far is added in the Hack MD file that is available on the agenda. Check out the link. The next one is EIPs Insight. Before we go there, I see a comment by George here the sign in with the Ethereum course has no more POAPs, the rest of the courses still have POAPs. Well right yeah of course. So I will try to get in touch with the team and get it for sign in with Ethereum courses. Ethereum course and for rest of them. We do have so please give it a try. 

### [EIPs Insight](https://hackmd.io/@poojaranjan/EthereumImprovementProposalsInsight) [WIP EIPsInsight website](https://eipsinsight.com/#/)

**Pooja Ranjan** (28:16) - The next one is EIPs Insight. The HackMD link added to the agenda list all the EIPs and status as in the month of October. We have nine new EIPs added as draft, one code and eight ERC. Two EIPs are moved from draft to review and to EIPs have been moved to review but those were from the last call. Looks like there are some more edits needed for these EIP so they were not moved to the final. We hope these changes to be done soon and the proposal can be moved to the last call one more time. EIP 2535 Diamonds multi facet proxy is now in the final status. We have recorded (inaudible) episode on this particular EIP with the author name. Check out the episode to learn more about these, this particular standard I have received multiple comments on this. People are trying to implement it in different projects so yeah if you have comments or if you have questions you are welcome to share that on Ethereum Cat Herders YouTube. Ethereum Cat Herders Discord. We have the author hopefully your questions and concerns will be answered. Congratulations to the team who worked behind this proposal, documentation and implementation. For detail offer other EIPs check out the report added in the link. I'm also working with team of arch to create a EIPs Insight website because the current HackMD is an updated not every day, maybe two three days. And we want this information to be in sync with the EIPs repository. So this EIPs Insight which is currently in progress. We are trying to come up with this for people who would like to get access to data. And yeah, this is work in progress. It contains the list of proposals up till the month of September. We are hoping to get an automated monthly inside section is still under under progress. But other than that the dashboard can be looked into it has a very user friendly dashboard where you can find all the proposals with respect to authors type status. A lot of information shared that I'm looking forward to get this website go live with 100% like ready for the community. At this point we are accepting feedback please let me know if you have any thoughts or anything that you would like to see as as charts over here.

### [PEEPanEIP](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cwHXAawZxqu0PKKyMzG_3BJV_xZTi1F)

[Upcoming meetings can be found on PEEPanEIP schedule](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/projects/2) 

**Pooja Ranjan** (31:55) - The next section that we have here is PEEPanEIP. We have next PEEP for granting a consensus layer client scheduled for tomorrow at 1830 UTC. We hope to learn more about this new client on consensus layer. In the meantime, we have recorded and the recording is available 45606 I mean it's not live on the YouTube but it's still under final editing. I have received it yesterday only I hope that this will be shared in the next couple of days. We do have more EIPs scheduled for discussion for recording. Please check out the calendar there and if you are interested in knowing more about any of these proposals, please follow Ethereum Cat Herders Discord and try to be a part of the meeting with your questions. We also have started a form in which we are collecting questions in advance. So yeah, please let me know if you have any thoughts or questions or if you are implementing these proposals. In next couple of weeks we can find EIP 5192 and EIP 5646. So yeah, please check out the schedule and be a part of PEEPanEIP meeting.

### [Meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1axM1KaKc-GCcoPbAnYTOhgLnxXsBVoO5XRjTN3CLnck/edit#gid=0) and action items for ECH

[All Core Dev meeting Agenda 148](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/issues/624)
[Consensus meeting Agenda 97](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/issues/630)
[EIP Improvement Process meeting, agenda 68](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/EIPIP/issues/187)

**Pooja Ranjan** (33:22) - Next one is meeting notes and action items from Ethereum Cat Herders. Thank you Josh. For All Core Dev meeting, the meeting was paused for a couple of weeks, but we are hoping it to be resumed from this week onward. I have shared the link to the agenda 148 and the Consensus meeting 97 is expected next week. For EIPIP agenda for meeting 68 is added here there's a change of time or EIPIP meeting it will be now at 1500 UTC. There is an active discussion going on probably we can expect some changes in documentation especially in EIP one so if people have thoughts, comments, concerns related to that please feel free to share it with us on Ethereum Cat Herders at EIP editors channel. So the change that could be there is a representation of a standard track EIP of ERC category. The proposal is it to be represented or documented as ERC 20. So many people are suggesting that it should be represented as ERC 20 instead of EIP 20. There could be some updates to EIP one so yeah, if you have thoughts positive, in favor or against, not in favor, please share it with us.

### Other community meetings: EIP Editing Office Hour [Announcement](https://medium.com/ethereum-cat-herders/introducing-eip-editing-office-hour-9f04a95a26ba) [Meeting 4 Recording](https://youtu.be/lYJNHM_5vCM) [KZG-Ceremony Breakout Call # 9 Recording](https://youtu.be/a8XoKo2-Q7c)

**Pooja Ranjan** (35:03) - EIP editing office hour meeting 4 was recorded last week we have shared the recording of it can be found on Ethereum Cat Herders YouTube. This meeting has been helping a lot to the new EIP authors. We have received a lot of positive feedback. Some authors who are not getting a full handle for how to document proposal they are joining us and asking questions from EIP editor Sam. Sam has dedicated this one hour of office hour time for EIP editing. So if you are an author and trying to document something for Ethereum repository, if you have questions, you have concerns or you want to learn something about this process, please join us. We generally try to look into proposals which are going into review status last call or the final status. But even if you are proposing it and it is in the draft status, you are welcome to join the meeting. Similarly, there is another meeting KZG ceremony breakout call. Recording for meeting number nine is available on Ethereum Cat Herders YouTube. 

## 5. Review of outstanding action items from previous ECH meetings: [Meeting 95](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/blob/master/All%20Ethereum%20Cat%20Herder%20Meetings/Meeting%20095.md)

**Pooja Ranjan** (36:16) - The last item listed here is review of outstanding action item from previous meeting. Taking a look here the first one is about the fellowship Ethereum magician thread where people are accepting proposals for Shanghai upgrade. Take a look at the link. The link is available on the notes. So please check it out. And we also have this thing added on ECH website so you can also check on there. What are other action item I think there is only a few action items will meet I've already created thread for EIP bot discussion and EIP editors channel I do not see that thread initiated but I'll talk to Vitalgo maybe if she is using any other channel for that discussion. Yeah, one important note here we are looking for more people to document meeting notes especially for Core Dev and Consensus Layer meeting. So if you are interested please please join us on Ethereum Cat Herders Discord we have bounties for this so let us know if you have any interest in documenting notes for Ethereum public meetings. That's all from the agenda. Anyone would like to share anything?

**Pooja Ranjan** (37:46) - Well, I would love to collect some thoughts on what we can do next in the year 2023. If there is anything that people think that Cat Herders can be of value anything in terms of facilitating any meetings, organizing any community level call or anything else, do let us know we will be happy to provide any information related to protocol upgrade or progress made on the development side. Let's just know the form or the forum that you're looking for. That said, I think we are done. Oh yeah, I just received the pull request for website update. It is PR 75 for Shanghai page merge page. So yeah, hopefully this is fixed to know. That's all from my end. I hope to see you all in two weeks. Thank you everyone for joining. Have a good rest of the day.

**William Schwab** (38:52) - Thanks, Pooja. 

**Rory Arredondo** (38:53) - Cheers. Thank you.

The date for the next meeting - Nov 08, 2022.

## Attendees

- Pooja
- William Schwab
- JA
- Rory Arredondo
- Santhosh J
- George Hervey
- 251 251
